Update httpclient and Fixes (#35)
uploadcare/uploadcare-java: HISTORY.md

The format is based now on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 3.3.1

> ### Fixed
> - Update apache httpclient and httpmime dependencies to v4.5.13, fixes network related issues.
> - Fix signature for requests with query parameters was incorrect.
> - Fix: possible issue with using default timeout values from machine that running UploadCareClient. Set our custom timeouts for connections, socket timeouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Updated
- Apache httpclient and httpmime dependencies to v4.5.13, fixes network related issues.
### Fixed
- Signature for requests with query parameters was incorrect.
- Possible issue with using default timeout values from machine that running UploadcareClient. Set custom timeouts for connections, sockets.
```
